13.12.2018 ---- abandoned
Arhitecture: GameManager > global access > local access
you can access global controllers from local ones. otherwise the structure goes over game manager and only down.

Conclusion:
Idea relies too much on balance of waves compared to current turrets. Too much content and
balance is required to pull it off in short term.

Arhitecture can be improved to be more accessible. perhaps multiple large area libraries.
It would also allow you to better have your own engine set up. I believe it's slowly getting to a point where it's going to be reusable for long projects.

Time managment: too much spent on it without results. should be implemented in 3 days, tested and built from that.

Art: converstion from 2d to 3d based on only having 3d artist was a mistake, as was bringing him in before having complete playable game ready.

Sound: still non existstant.
Ui: unpolished. not tested enough to give a good comment.
Main interactible elements: turrets. scaling from basic shooting to upgrades requires some annoying restructuring of data. considerate separate data. Raycasting and movement can be considered as a seprate layer.

Feels bad not to finish it to releasable state. And to mess it up with that artist. And the actuall amount of work that was put in.


goal 27.10.2018-_____ ------------- full gameplay.

goal 27.10.2018-_____ ------------- functional prototype2
play through the whole thing with quests, and functioning
building, and mechanics.
Done:
build paths, as a civ build tree.(json readed for quest info)
be able to pick a path of 5-10 quests.
turret have 2 modes. swap between them. click button or qwe.

4 enemy classes, 
drone(super small, fast), 
craft(small, fast, shield, guns), 
medium ship(medium size, armor, shield, guns), 
capital(slow, big, heavy, shields, armor)

temporary waves for all quests. kinda sucks to waste effort on it.
also check for wave making optimizations. maybe an editor.

mark every type of code that would have to be changed to work for 3d

Active:
build different turrets
3 turret types(
(multiple)anti drone/antifighter, 
(singular, mixed)chain detonation by size/homing(detonates/disables engines)
(laser)(piercing)antiarmor /antishield pierce).
)
3 turets v2
groups/single
armor/shields
deflect bullets/aoe emp(disable ships)

Multiple turret structure:
Turret root > modes > options and upgrades > sprites and behaviours
animated mode swap > swap to animation mode > swap to target turret.

global: seprate spawn points, multiple barrels. seprate fire rates.

turret mode : x
upgrades? just another mode. node build path tree .SwapMode command


Todo:
to 3d
stuff?

goal --- fully functional prototype with minimal gameplay of 10 minutes.
- including, buidling, enemy waves and units, ally turrets, addons, modules, 
quests.
test spawning of units, in a large square wave ok
    then add turrets, with shots, tracking enemies ok
    then enemy units that attack ok
    then modules ok
    then outline a 5 step quest, for modules. skip
    then add instalations(build ok +effect skip)
    add science tree with 5 items -- optional skip
    add save progress skip
	

how do i build an addon? maybe have sprite settings, and effect.
effects aren't defined atm, and are optional.

Goal: testing gameplay... what can i do with this?
hp bars
upgrades for specific parts
barriers(reflectors)
slow a bit
then outline a 5 step quest, for modules.

nested prefabs template
temporary object, replaced with a pref on runtime.
Also adds a nice control over how the stuff is added.
--------------------

1 cycle.
NOTE: as far as quests go... do they decide the build path, or
content amount?

to 3d.

2. cycles.
figure out the mechanics completly. first complete, playable prototype.


3. cycles.
reiterate.
artist.

4. cycle
look into publishing and releases... ads.


DONE - cycle 3
6.12 json exporter/importer for figher data.
